sessions/25-11-08-mod2_ice09_Audit_Joke.md, before:

# Session to generate ice 10 - Audit Jokes

## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown
Lets see the the ice.
```

Here is the In-Class Exercise for Module 2, Lecture 10.

-----

### ICE 14: "The Logging Service" (Connecting the Wires)

  * **Objective:** Implement the new `UserAction` model, refactor the admin features to log to it, and build the "Admin Panel" into a true audit log viewer.
  * **Time Limit:** 45 minutes
  * **Context:** In the lecture, we designed a single, flexible `UserAction` model to pay off our two final pieces of technical debt: the 12-Factor "Logs" principle and the "unplugged" `justification` field. Your mission is to implement this logging refactor, using class constants to avoid "magic strings."

-----

### Role Kit Selection (Strategy 1: Parallel Processing ⚡)

This is a full-stack refactor. Assign these four roles immediately.

  * **`Repo Admin`:** (Git & DB) Handles all Git operations and is the **only one** who runs `flask db migrate`.
  * **`Dev Crew (Backend)`:** (Logic & Routes) Refactors the `admin_edit_joke` and `admin_panel` routes to use the new `UserAction` model.
  * **`Process Lead`:** (Templating) Refactors the `admin_panel.html` template to display the new log.
  * **`QA Crew`:** (Testing) Refactors the `test_admin.py` file to assert that the new log entries are created.

## \<div style="background-color: \#f5f5f5; border: 2px dashed \#990000; padding: 12px 24px; margin: 20px 0px;"\> \<h4\>\<span style="color: \#990000;"\>📈 Triage Dashboard (TopHat)\</span\>\</h4\> \<p\>As your team completes each major part of the ICE, the \<strong\>team member who completed the part\</strong\> should check in on TopHat. All checkpoints are open from the start. Please log them as you go:\</p\> \<ul style="margin-top: 0px;"\> \<li\>\<strong\>Checkpoint 1:\</strong\> Part 1 Complete (DB Migration Pushed)\</li\> \<li\>\<strong\>Checkpoint 2:\</strong\> Part 2 Complete (Admin Routes Refactored)\</li\> \<li\>\<strong\>Checkpoint 3:\</strong\> Part 3 Complete (Admin Template Refactored)\</li\> \<li\>\<strong\>Checkpoint 4:\</strong\> Part 4 Complete (Admin Tests Refactored)\</li\> \<li\>\<strong\>🔴 BLOCKED:\</strong\> We are stuck and need TA help.\</li\> \</ul\> \</div\>

### Task Description: Refactoring to an Audit Log

This ICE does **not** have a starter kit. Your "starter" is the code you just completed in `A12`.

#### Phase 1: The New `UserAction` Model (Repo Admin)

You are responsible for updating the database schema.

1.  **Branch:** Pull `main` and create a new feature branch: `ice14-logging-service`.
2.  **Open:** `moj/models.py`.
3.  **Add `UserAction` Model:** Add this new class (with its constants) to the **bottom** of `moj/models.py`:
    ```python
    class UserAction(db.Model):
        # --- ACTION TYPE CONSTANTS ---
        # This is our "code table" in Python.
        LOGIN = "User Login"
        CREATE_JOKE = "Create Joke"
        ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE = "Admin Edit Joke"
        ADMIN_EDIT_USER = "Admin Edit User"
        # --- End Constants ---
        
        id = db.Column(db.Integer, primary_key=True)
        timestamp = db.Column(db.DateTime, index=True, default=datetime.datetime.utcnow)
        
        user_id = db.Column(db.Integer, db.ForeignKey('user.id'))
        user = db.relationship('User')
        
        action_type = db.Column(db.String(50), index=True) 
        
        target_type = db.Column(db.String(50))
        target_id = db.Column(db.Integer)
        details = db.Column(db.String(256))

        def __repr__(self):
            return f'<UserAction {self.user.username} {self.action_type}>'
    ```
4.  **DB Migrate:** Your code is now ahead of your DB. Run:
    ```bash
    (venv) $ flask db migrate -m "Add UserAction log table"
    ```
5.  **Commit:** `git add .` and `git commit -m "feat: add UserAction model"`.
6.  **Push:** `git push --set-upstream origin ice14-logging-service`.
7.  *Announce to the team: "The database model is updated\! Pull now and run `flask db upgrade` to sync your local DB\!"*

-----

#### Phase 2: Sync & Implement (All Other Roles)

**Everyone *except* the Repo Admin** must now run these commands:

```bash
# 1. Get all the changes
$ git pull

# 2. Apply the new DB migration to your local moj.db
(venv) $ flask db upgrade
```

Now, you can all work in parallel on your assigned tasks.

-----

#### Phase 3: "Connecting the Wires" (Dev Crew - Backend)

Your job is to refactor the admin routes to *use* the new table.

1.  **Open:** `moj/routes.py`.
2.  **Add Imports:** At the top, add `UserAction`.
    ```python
    from moj.models import User, Joke, UserAction
    ```
3.  **Refactor `admin_edit_joke`:**
      * Find the `admin_edit_joke` route.
      * Find the `TODO` comment you left in `ICE 11`.
      * **Add the new logging logic:**
    <!-- end list -->
    ```python
    @app.route('/admin/edit_joke/<int:joke_id>', methods=['GET', 'POST'])
    @login_required
    @admin_required # (from A12)
    def admin_edit_joke(joke_id):
        # ... (get joke, get form)
        if form.validate_on_submit():
            # 1. Perform the action
            joke.body = form.body.data
            
            # 2. "CONNECT THE WIRE"
            new_action = UserAction(
                user=current_user,
                action_type=UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE, # <-- Use the constant!
                target_type="Joke",
                target_id=joke.id,
                details=form.justification.data # <-- Save the justification!
            )
            db.session.add(new_action)
            
            # 3. Commit both
            db.session.commit()
            
            flash('Admin edit successful. Action logged.')
            return redirect(url_for('admin_panel'))
        # ... (rest of the route is the same)
    ```
4.  **Refactor `admin_panel`:**
      * Find the `admin_panel` route.
      * **Replace the query:** The panel should now show *actions*, not lists of users/jokes.
    <!-- end list -->
    ```python
    @app.route('/admin_panel')
    @login_required
    @admin_required # (from A12)
    def admin_panel():
        # A clean, fast, and maintainable query
        admin_types = [UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE, UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_USER]
        
        actions = UserAction.query.filter(
            UserAction.action_type.in_(admin_types) # <-- Using .in_()
        ).order_by(UserAction.timestamp.desc()).all()
        
        return render_template('admin_panel.html', 
                                title="Admin Panel", actions=actions)
    ```
5.  **Commit & Push:** Commit your changes.

-----

#### Phase 4: The New Admin Panel (Process Lead)

Your job is to refactor the admin panel template to be an "Audit Log Viewer."

1.  **Open:** `templates/admin_panel.html`.
2.  **Replace Everything:** **Delete** the old user/joke lists. **Replace** the file's `{% block content %}` with this new table:
    ```html
    {% extends "base.html" %}
    {% block content %}
        <h1>Admin Panel: Audit Log</h1>
        <table border="1" style="width: 100%;">
            <thead>
                <tr style="background-color: #f0f0f0;">
                    <th>Timestamp</th>
                    <th>Admin</th>
                    <th>Action</th>
                    <th>Target</th>
                    <th>Justification / Details</th>
                </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
                {% for action in actions %}
                <tr>
                    <td>{{ action.timestamp.strftime('%Y-%m-%d %H:%M') }}</td>
                    <td>{{ action.user.username }}</td>
                    <td>{{ action.action_type }}</td>
                    <td>
                        {% if action.target_type %}
                            {{ action.target_type }} #{{ action.target_id }}
                        {% else %}
                            N/A
                        {% endif %}
                    </td>
                    <td>{{ action.details }}</td>
                </tr>
                {% else %}
                <tr>
                    <td colspan="5" style="text-align: center;">No admin actions logged yet.</td>
                </tr>
                {% endfor %}
            </tbody>
        </table>
    {% endblock %}
    ```
3.  **Commit & Push:** Commit your changes.

-----

#### Phase 5: Refactor the Tests (QA Crew)

Your job is to prove the new logging logic works.

1.  **Open:** `tests/test_admin.py`.
2.  **Add Import:** At the top, add `UserAction`.
    ```python
    from moj.models import User, Joke, UserAction
    ```
3.  **Refactor `test_admin_can_edit_joke_route`:**
      * Find this test.
      * At the **end** of the test, add new assertions to check the `UserAction` table.
    <!-- end list -->
    ```python
    def test_admin_can_edit_joke_route(client, app):
        # ... (all the existing setup for this test)
        with app.app_context():
            user, admin = make_users()
            joke = Joke(body="Original joke", author=user)
            db.session.add_all([user, admin, joke])
            db.session.commit()
            
        client.post('/login', data={'username': 'admin', 'password': 'a'})
        response = client.post(f'/admin/edit_joke/{joke.id}', data={
            'body': 'Edited by admin',
            'justification': 'Testing admin powers'
        }, follow_redirects=True)
        
        # --- (Old assertions) ---
        assert response.status_code == 200
        assert b'Admin Panel: Audit Log' in response.data # (This proves the new template loads)
        assert joke.body == 'Edited by admin'
        
        # --- (NEW ASSERTIONS) ---
        log = UserAction.query.first()
        assert log is not None
        assert log.user == admin
        assert log.action_type == UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE # <-- Use the constant!
        assert log.target_id == joke.id
        assert log.details == "Testing admin powers"
    ```
4.  **Test:** Run `pytest tests/test_admin.py`. Your refactored test should pass.
5.  **Commit & Push:** Commit your changes.

-----

#### Phase 6: Final Test & Log (Repo Admin)

1.  **Pull:** `git pull` to get all changes from all team members.
2.  **Test:** Run `pytest`. All tests should pass.
3.  **Manual Test:** Run `flask run`.
      * Log in as your admin user.
      * Visit `/admin_panel`. It should be an empty log.
      * Find a joke (create one if needed) and use the admin-edit feature. Fill out the `justification`.
      * When you are redirected back to `/admin_panel`, your new action should be in the log.
4.  **Log:** Fill out the `CONTRIBUTIONS.md` log.
5.  **Submit:** Commit the log, push, and open a Pull Request.

-----

### `CONTRIBUTIONS.md` Log Entry

```markdown
#### ICE 14: "The Logging Service"
* **Date:** 2025-11-08
* **Team Members Present:** `@github-user1`, `@github-user2`, ...
* **Roles:**
    * Repo Admin: `@github-userX`
    * Dev Crew (Backend): `@github-userY`
    * Process Lead: `@github-userZ`
    * QA Crew: `@github-userA`
* **Summary of Work:** [1-2 sentence summary, e.g., "Paid off our technical debt by creating a new 'UserAction' model with class constants. We refactored the 'admin_edit_joke' route to 'connect the wire' and save the justification to this table. The admin panel is now a full audit log viewer, and our tests confirm the log is created."]
* **Evidence & Reflection:** We used class constants (e.g., `UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE`) instead of "magic strings." Why is this a safer, more maintainable design for the project?
```



## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```




## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```




## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```




## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```




## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```




## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```

Commit message:

More additions and touch ups Biggest change is adding all history to the admin panel and making sure the tests are testing the logs.

sessions/25-11-08-mod2_ice09_Audit_Joke.md, after:

# Session to generate ice 10 - Audit Jokes

## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown
Lets see the the ice.
```

Here is the In-Class Exercise for Module 2, Lecture 10.

-----

### ICE 14: "The Logging Service" (Connecting the Wires)

  * **Objective:** Implement the new `UserAction` model, refactor the admin features to log to it, and build the "Admin Panel" into a true audit log viewer.
  * **Time Limit:** 45 minutes
  * **Context:** In the lecture, we designed a single, flexible `UserAction` model to pay off our two final pieces of technical debt: the 12-Factor "Logs" principle and the "unplugged" `justification` field. Your mission is to implement this logging refactor, using class constants to avoid "magic strings."

-----

### Role Kit Selection (Strategy 1: Parallel Processing ⚡)

This is a full-stack refactor. Assign these four roles immediately.

  * **`Repo Admin`:** (Git & DB) Handles all Git operations and is the **only one** who runs `flask db migrate`.
  * **`Dev Crew (Backend)`:** (Logic & Routes) Refactors the `admin_edit_joke` and `admin_panel` routes to use the new `UserAction` model.
  * **`Process Lead`:** (Templating) Refactors the `admin_panel.html` template to display the new log.
  * **`QA Crew`:** (Testing) Refactors the `test_admin.py` file to assert that the new log entries are created.

## \<div style="background-color: \#f5f5f5; border: 2px dashed \#990000; padding: 12px 24px; margin: 20px 0px;"\> \<h4\>\<span style="color: \#990000;"\>📈 Triage Dashboard (TopHat)\</span\>\</h4\> \<p\>As your team completes each major part of the ICE, the \<strong\>team member who completed the part\</strong\> should check in on TopHat. All checkpoints are open from the start. Please log them as you go:\</p\> \<ul style="margin-top: 0px;"\> \<li\>\<strong\>Checkpoint 1:\</strong\> Part 1 Complete (DB Migration Pushed)\</li\> \<li\>\<strong\>Checkpoint 2:\</strong\> Part 2 Complete (Admin Routes Refactored)\</li\> \<li\>\<strong\>Checkpoint 3:\</strong\> Part 3 Complete (Admin Template Refactored)\</li\> \<li\>\<strong\>Checkpoint 4:\</strong\> Part 4 Complete (Admin Tests Refactored)\</li\> \<li\>\<strong\>🔴 BLOCKED:\</strong\> We are stuck and need TA help.\</li\> \</ul\> \</div\>

### Task Description: Refactoring to an Audit Log

This ICE does **not** have a starter kit. Your "starter" is the code you just completed in `A12`.

#### Phase 1: The New `UserAction` Model (Repo Admin)

You are responsible for updating the database schema.

1.  **Branch:** Pull `main` and create a new feature branch: `ice14-logging-service`.
2.  **Open:** `moj/models.py`.
3.  **Add `UserAction` Model:** Add this new class (with its constants) to the **bottom** of `moj/models.py`:
    ```python
    class UserAction(db.Model):
        # --- ACTION TYPE CONSTANTS ---
        # This is our "code table" in Python.
        LOGIN = "User Login"
        CREATE_JOKE = "Create Joke"
        ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE = "Admin Edit Joke"
        ADMIN_EDIT_USER = "Admin Edit User"
        # --- End Constants ---
        
        id = db.Column(db.Integer, primary_key=True)
        timestamp = db.Column(db.DateTime, index=True, default=datetime.datetime.utcnow)
        
        user_id = db.Column(db.Integer, db.ForeignKey('user.id'))
        user = db.relationship('User')
        
        action_type = db.Column(db.String(50), index=True) 
        
        target_type = db.Column(db.String(50))
        target_id = db.Column(db.Integer)
        details = db.Column(db.String(256))

        def __repr__(self):
            return f'<UserAction {self.user.username} {self.action_type}>'
    ```
4.  **DB Migrate:** Your code is now ahead of your DB. Run:
    ```bash
    (venv) $ flask db migrate -m "Add UserAction log table"
    ```
5.  **Commit:** `git add .` and `git commit -m "feat: add UserAction model"`.
6.  **Push:** `git push --set-upstream origin ice14-logging-service`.
7.  *Announce to the team: "The database model is updated\! Pull now and run `flask db upgrade` to sync your local DB\!"*

-----

#### Phase 2: Sync & Implement (All Other Roles)

**Everyone *except* the Repo Admin** must now run these commands:

```bash
# 1. Get all the changes
$ git pull

# 2. Apply the new DB migration to your local moj.db
(venv) $ flask db upgrade
```

Now, you can all work in parallel on your assigned tasks.

-----

#### Phase 3: "Connecting the Wires" (Dev Crew - Backend)

Your job is to refactor the admin routes to *use* the new table.

1.  **Open:** `moj/routes.py`.
2.  **Add Imports:** At the top, add `UserAction`.
    ```python
    from moj.models import User, Joke, UserAction
    ```
3.  **Refactor `admin_edit_joke`:**
      * Find the `admin_edit_joke` route.
      * Find the `TODO` comment you left in `ICE 11`.
      * **Add the new logging logic:**
    <!-- end list -->
    ```python
    @app.route('/admin/edit_joke/<int:joke_id>', methods=['GET', 'POST'])
    @login_required
    @admin_required # (from A12)
    def admin_edit_joke(joke_id):
        # ... (get joke, get form)
        if form.validate_on_submit():
            # 1. Perform the action
            joke.body = form.body.data
            
            # 2. "CONNECT THE WIRE"
            new_action = UserAction(
                user=current_user,
                action_type=UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE, # <-- Use the constant!
                target_type="Joke",
                target_id=joke.id,
                details=form.justification.data # <-- Save the justification!
            )
            db.session.add(new_action)
            
            # 3. Commit both
            db.session.commit()
            
            flash('Admin edit successful. Action logged.')
            return redirect(url_for('admin_panel'))
        # ... (rest of the route is the same)
    ```
4.  **Refactor `admin_panel`:**
      * Find the `admin_panel` route.
      * **Replace the query:** The panel should now show *actions*, not lists of users/jokes.
    <!-- end list -->
    ```python
    @app.route('/admin_panel')
    @login_required
    @admin_required # (from A12)
    def admin_panel():
        # A clean, fast, and maintainable query
        admin_types = [UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE, UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_USER]
        
        actions = UserAction.query.filter(
            UserAction.action_type.in_(admin_types) # <-- Using .in_()
        ).order_by(UserAction.timestamp.desc()).all()
        
        return render_template('admin_panel.html', 
                                title="Admin Panel", actions=actions)
    ```
5.  **Commit & Push:** Commit your changes.

-----

#### Phase 4: The New Admin Panel (Process Lead)

Your job is to refactor the admin panel template to be an "Audit Log Viewer."

1.  **Open:** `templates/admin_panel.html`.
2.  **Replace Everything:** **Delete** the old user/joke lists. **Replace** the file's `{% block content %}` with this new table:
    ```html
    {% extends "base.html" %}
    {% block content %}
        <h1>Admin Panel: Audit Log</h1>
        <table border="1" style="width: 100%;">
            <thead>
                <tr style="background-color: #f0f0f0;">
                    <th>Timestamp</th>
                    <th>Admin</th>
                    <th>Action</th>
                    <th>Target</th>
                    <th>Justification / Details</th>
                </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
                {% for action in actions %}
                <tr>
                    <td>{{ action.timestamp.strftime('%Y-%m-%d %H:%M') }}</td>
                    <td>{{ action.user.username }}</td>
                    <td>{{ action.action_type }}</td>
                    <td>
                        {% if action.target_type %}
                            {{ action.target_type }} #{{ action.target_id }}
                        {% else %}
                            N/A
                        {% endif %}
                    </td>
                    <td>{{ action.details }}</td>
                </tr>
                {% else %}
                <tr>
                    <td colspan="5" style="text-align: center;">No admin actions logged yet.</td>
                </tr>
                {% endfor %}
            </tbody>
        </table>
    {% endblock %}
    ```
3.  **Commit & Push:** Commit your changes.

-----

#### Phase 5: Refactor the Tests (QA Crew)

Your job is to prove the new logging logic works.

1.  **Open:** `tests/test_admin.py`.
2.  **Add Import:** At the top, add `UserAction`.
    ```python
    from moj.models import User, Joke, UserAction
    ```
3.  **Refactor `test_admin_can_edit_joke_route`:**
      * Find this test.
      * At the **end** of the test, add new assertions to check the `UserAction` table.
    <!-- end list -->
    ```python
    def test_admin_can_edit_joke_route(client, app):
        # ... (all the existing setup for this test)
        with app.app_context():
            user, admin = make_users()
            joke = Joke(body="Original joke", author=user)
            db.session.add_all([user, admin, joke])
            db.session.commit()
            
        client.post('/login', data={'username': 'admin', 'password': 'a'})
        response = client.post(f'/admin/edit_joke/{joke.id}', data={
            'body': 'Edited by admin',
            'justification': 'Testing admin powers'
        }, follow_redirects=True)
        
        # --- (Old assertions) ---
        assert response.status_code == 200
        assert b'Admin Panel: Audit Log' in response.data # (This proves the new template loads)
        assert joke.body == 'Edited by admin'
        
        # --- (NEW ASSERTIONS) ---
        log = UserAction.query.first()
        assert log is not None
        assert log.user == admin
        assert log.action_type == UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE # <-- Use the constant!
        assert log.target_id == joke.id
        assert log.details == "Testing admin powers"
    ```
4.  **Test:** Run `pytest tests/test_admin.py`. Your refactored test should pass.
5.  **Commit & Push:** Commit your changes.

-----

#### Phase 6: Final Test & Log (Repo Admin)

1.  **Pull:** `git pull` to get all changes from all team members.
2.  **Test:** Run `pytest`. All tests should pass.
3.  **Manual Test:** Run `flask run`.
      * Log in as your admin user.
      * Visit `/admin_panel`. It should be an empty log.
      * Find a joke (create one if needed) and use the admin-edit feature. Fill out the `justification`.
      * When you are redirected back to `/admin_panel`, your new action should be in the log.
4.  **Log:** Fill out the `CONTRIBUTIONS.md` log.
5.  **Submit:** Commit the log, push, and open a Pull Request.

-----

### `CONTRIBUTIONS.md` Log Entry

```markdown
#### ICE 14: "The Logging Service"
* **Date:** 2025-11-08
* **Team Members Present:** `@github-user1`, `@github-user2`, ...
* **Roles:**
    * Repo Admin: `@github-userX`
    * Dev Crew (Backend): `@github-userY`
    * Process Lead: `@github-userZ`
    * QA Crew: `@github-userA`
* **Summary of Work:** [1-2 sentence summary, e.g., "Paid off our technical debt by creating a new 'UserAction' model with class constants. We refactored the 'admin_edit_joke' route to 'connect the wire' and save the justification to this table. The admin panel is now a full audit log viewer, and our tests confirm the log is created."]
* **Evidence & Reflection:** We used class constants (e.g., `UserAction.ADMIN_EDIT_JOKE`) instead of "magic strings." Why is this a safer, more maintainable design for the project?
```



## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown
I think an ethical challenge for the audit trail would be better than the "magic string" reflection. We just added a table that records everyone's actions and the time they did it. The users maybe wondering if there is any other information besides their action history. There are operational issues (what happens to this table over time?) and ethical issues (who owns the log? can a user delete their history? The right to be forgotten available to all EU citizens.) As engineers we should be aware of these issues.
```

This is a fantastic, high-level observation, and you are 100% right. It's a much stronger, more meaningful reflection question.

My "magic string" question was a simple, low-level **technical** check. Your proposal is a high-level **engineering and ethics** check. It forces students to confront the real-world, non-functional implications of their work, which is a perfect "pragmatic engineering" lesson to cap off the cycle.

This is the exact moment to make them think about scalability, privacy, and "the right to be forgotten." It's a brilliant substitution.

Here is the updated `CONTRIBUTIONS.md` log entry for **ICE 14**, with your new, superior reflection question.

-----

### `CONTRIBUTIONS.md` Log Entry

```markdown
#### ICE 14: "The Logging Service"
* **Date:** 2025-XX-XX
* **Team Members Present:** `@github-user1`, `@github-user2`, ...
* **Roles:**
    * Repo Admin: `@github-userX`
    * Dev Crew (Backend): `@github-userY`
    * Process Lead: `@github-userZ`
    * QA Crew: `@github-userA`
* **Summary of Work:** [1-2 sentence summary, e.g., "Paid off our technical debt by creating a new 'UserAction' model with class constants. We refactored the 'admin_edit_joke' route to 'connect the wire' and save the justification to this table. The admin panel is now a full audit log viewer, and our tests confirm the log is created."]
* **Evidence & Reflection:** We just built a `UserAction` table that logs what users do and when. As engineers, what are the **ethical** or **operational** questions we should be asking? For example, who "owns" this data? What happens when this table has a billion rows? Can a user request their history be deleted (e.g., "the right to be forgotten")?
```


## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```




## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```




## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```




## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```




## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```





## **---- PROMPT ----**
```markdown

```
